feat(catalog): add optional branch to bitbucket-server (#31271)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/sour-spiders-dress.md

---

> '@backstage/plugin-catalog-backend-module-bitbucket-server': minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@backstage/plugin-catalog-backend-module-bitbucket-server': patch
```

Can you change this to a patch? Minor version bumps when the plugin is on a zeroth version are considered patched. 🙏

---

> feat(catalog): add optional branch to bitbucket-server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added optional branch to the Bitbucket Server entity provider filters
```

As these get rolled up into the changelog it's nice to have them be people friendly. 👍
